Fix readme formatting, add note about Traits (#47)
RxSwiftCommunity/RxNimble: README.md

Nice.

> This extension is also available for all observable convertible traits (e.g. `Single`, `Maybe`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension is also available for all Traits (e.g. `Single`, `Maybe`) and other types conforming to `ObservableConvertibleType`.
```

Reviewer 2: Sure, thank!

        Recorded.next(5, "Hello"),
        Recorded.next(10, "World"),
        Recorded.completed(100)

>      ]))

Reviewer: I think it's aligned to the `t` and not the `.`, right ? 
```suggestion
    ]))
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed, sure :)

>      ]))

Reviewer: not sure if im imagining but it still looks unaligned

Reviewer 2: Oh, now I get your idea, sorry :) 
Really strange case of formatting. I hope now it looks ok

expect(imageSubject).events(scheduler: scheduler, disposeBag: disposeBag)
    .to(equal([
        Recorded.error(5, ImageError.invalidImage)

>      ]))

Reviewer: same

Reviewer 2: Fixed, sure :)
